Welcome back everyone.
In this lecture we're going to give you an overview of the Project for the section of the course which
is using sensor fool 2.0 Care's API to perform a classification task.
Now this is one of the largest projects in the entire course.
So let's go ahead and take the time to actually do an overview of what's in the notebook.
All right.
So if you open up the folder that contains R and a notebook and scroll down you'll see two project related
notebooks.
The first one is Kerry's project exercise and then the next one is Kerry's project exercise solutions.
Right now we're just going to give you an overview of the actual exercise notebook and then coming up
through the next series of lectures we'll be walking through the solutions.
So go ahead and open up the cares project exercise and we're going to be using a subset of a lending
club data set obtained from Kaggle and you can check out the link here.
But keep in mind we recommend that you don't download the full zip file that's actually from this link.
We provide a special version of this file that actually has some extra feature engineering for you to
do.
So we've added some extra features for you to then use to get practice on feature engineering and working
with realistic looking data.
To this real data.
And we've actually added more information to a subset of it.
OK.
So lending club if you're not familiar with it it's basically a U.S. peer to peer lending company it's
headquartered in service Sysco California.
And what it does is it gives out loans to people and then they have to pay back that loan with a certain
interest rate.
And sometimes people won't pay off that loan.
And the company is going to have to record that as what's known as a charge off essentially they have
to write off the loan because it wasn't paid back to them.
So the loan status column will contain our label for this particular class and we're going to try to
predict based off historical data and the features of a potential customer potential bar whether or
not they will default on the loan.
So default is known as a charge off or will they fully pay back the loan fully paid.
So keep in mind the classification metrics that you're going to be evaluating when evaluating the performance
of your model.
So the couple of first sells have already been filled in for you.
And since there are actually many Lending Club datasets on Kaggle we have information on this particular
dataset filled out for you in a table here in this cell.
So you can go ahead and check out the various features.
So for instance I anti underscore rate.
Here's a description of it.
It's the interest rate on the loan.
So if the descriptions for the various features that are included in this data set in there this is
quite a large dataset with many interesting features.
So I spent a lot of time visualizing in the exploratory data analysis as well as performing basic feature
engineering and we've filled out just a little bit of starter code for you to read in the file as well
as a Little Feat underscore info.
So you'll notice that we actually have this table and what we did is we built a little function for
you called Ft.
Underscore info which will print out feature information based off the string column you give it.
So for example if you saw the string column Mort's underscore HCC then you could just pass that into
this built in Ft.
Underscore info and it will print back out for you what the actual description is which is number of
mortgage accounts.
So go ahead and run these first couple of cells will read in the file for you and also create this informational
function call and then down here we'll be reading in the actual data for you.
And then it looks something like this.
Notice that there will be missing data that you will have to deal with.
And we essentially guide you along with this project.
So then we actually reach the project tasks section and so Section 1 is exploratory data analysis and
we'll just ask you to be creating some of these visualizations.
And keep in mind you may need to actually Google around and we provide helpful links on certain tasks
that we may not have specifically gone over but you should be able to do them.
Given what we've gone over in the data visualization crass coarse section.
So for example we have a heat map for you to build out and in case you need any help with that we have
links here for heat map information.
Help with resizing et cetera.
You can continue scrolling down.
I want you to create some scatter plots some box plots that we want you to actually follow the instructions
to build out a little bit of some bar plots here that are huge based off the loads that is whether it's
fully paid or charged off.
And there's descriptions here on what you can do.
And then we want you to create a bar plot per category maybe start resizing it.
So look something like this you can change the color palettes as well and et cetera.
So we basically have various plots free to kind of play around with.
And if we scroll down the next section is data pre processing and this has a little less to do with
actually visualizing data and really our goal here is to one remove or fill any missing data.
We want to remove unnecessary repetitive features and then we want to convert categorical string features
to dummy variables.
So we're we're going to be doing a lot of feature engineering and feature analysis so we'll first deal
with the missing data and we have instructions here on for you to kind of follow along and how to deal
with that missing data then after that we'll kind of examine the missing data see what we can keep but
we should fill in.
We should drop and then we'll also start dealing with categorical data.
So if we start coming down here we start dealing categorical data and we assess and challenge tasks
for you to follow along with and then down here we keep dealing with kind of feature by feature basis
etc. And eventually after dealing all this feature engineering you should be ready for a train test
split if you get stuck on any of the feature engineering tasks that we try to lay out for you above
this train test split line.
Go ahead and refer to our solutions notebook.
And keep in mind you can actually just take this dataset and try to build a model on your own without
necessarily following along with our exact steps that we've laid out here.
The main goal this is to build a model that attempts to predict the actual label class.
This is the binary classification so you perform your train test split and then Optionally you can grab
a sample for training time so the sample contains about three hundred ninety five thousand entries.
If you're doing a smaller Ram computer or something that's not GP you we have a little sample code here
to take a fraction of the data set the train on.
OK.
So after you perform your train test split you want to normalize the data then you create your model
we have some imports for you here you can create whatever model you feel necessary but we recommend
or the solution actually uses 78 neurons the thirty nine neurons the 19 year olds the one you're on.
This is totally optional.
You essentially have unlimited options.
You can mess around with adding and drop out layers etc. and we have links for you here to check out
as well.
So I would recommend adding in some dropout layers and in the solutions notebook you can check that
out as well.
We have this particular network structure with a zero point two or 20 percent dropout for each of those
layers to try to prevent overfishing.
They want you to fit that model for at least twenty five epochs and then you'll keep going here.
Save the model evaluate your model performance see these plots just we've been doing.
And then finally given this customer below would you offer this person alone.
Okay.
So then you can check against the results and that's the project.
Thanks and we'll see you at the next series of lectures we'll be eventually working out through this
solutions notebook.
If you get stuck anywhere in this project exercise go ahead and just refer to the solutions notebook
that's already filled out for you.
I'll see you there.